What kind of emotions did watching Wales play evoke in you?
Oh, very much. Very much. Everybody in motion.
It's an awful thing to say, I know.
But when you see France play England and France beat England,
your emotions end. Anybody that beat England would be here with all of you.
But, er, very, er, yes. I really enjoyed the 70s rugby.
How did you feel about the players then?
Oh, very good. And mine, they were amateur then.
I think since they turned professional, the rugby have changed.
But they were all respectful. They were all respected.
You know, you had Gareth Edwards, you had Barry John, you had Philip Bennett,
you had Quinell and all. But every one of them that came along
was respected till they went north.
When they went north, oh, God, didn't it?
They were everything but the man.
But, er, you know, that was my thoughts on them then.